DBZ-8063 Add documentation for webhook auth config (#5681)
debezium/debezium: documentation/modules/ROOT/pages/operations/debezium-server.adoc

|[[httpclient-authentication-type]]<<httpclient-authentication-type, `debezium.sink.http.authentication.type` >>
|
|Specifies the type of authentication the HTTP client sink uses when connecting to an HTTP server.  
Supports one of the following options:

`jwt`:: JSON Web Token (JWT) authentication.
`standard-webhooks`:: link:https://www.standardwebhooks.com/[Standard Webhooks].

> If you omit this property, the HTTP client sink will not use any authentication headers for the connection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you omit this property, the HTTP client sink does not use authentication headers for the connection.
```

Reviewer: Write in the simple present tense as much a possible.

|
|Requested duration (in minutes) before the refresh token expires.

> |[[httpclient-authentication-webhook-secret]]<<httpclient-authentication-webhook-secret, `debezium.sink.http.webhook.secret` >>

Reviewer 2: @TimoWilhelm  Looking at the code this seems should be `debezium.sink.http.authentication.webhook.secret`. Ins't it?

|

> |The webhooks signing secret that {prodname} uses to generate HMAC-SHA256 signatures of the webhook request. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|The webhooks signing secret that {prodname} uses to generate HMAC-SHA256 signatures for the webhook request. 
```

The secret must be Base64-encoded, with a size from 24 bytes to 64 bytes (192–512 bits).
Optionally, you can add the prefix `whsec_` to the secret to help distinguish it from other types of keys or tokens.

> For more information about implementing or validating Webhook signatures, see the link:https://github.com/standard-webhooks/standard-webhooks/blob/main/spec/standard-webhooks.md[Standard Webhooks specification]. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information about implementing or validating webhook signatures, see the link:https://github.com/standard-webhooks/standard-webhooks/blob/main/spec/standard-webhooks.md[Standard Webhooks specification]. 
```
In general, when "webhooks" is not part of a title or heading, and does not refer to a particular company or product, the lower case is the accepted form.
